hey guys so a moment to youtube and
asked you what you want to see me make a
video of and so many of you said two are
so that's what I'm going to do today
welcome so when you walk in this is my
room in all of its grandeur so as you
can see I have a lot of stuff in my room
that's because I like to surround myself
with things that have a story to them
ever think in my room has a story to it
which is really fun today I'm not gonna
be telling you the story everything that
because if I did that we would be here
for literally 47 minutes I know that
because I timed it so if you see
something in here that you want to hear
the story of but I didn't give you the
story of then bad luck because I'm
probably not gonna be filming another
one of these but for now let's start at
my desk I desk a place of work and
inspiration some my desks key features
ahaha nika nosh the rocking Rock and
Ferdinand the wide rabbit of destiny
thank you barbi and barbi ken I needed a
Bobby and to ken for short film that I
was working on but the lifeline i went
to only had two Barbies so i kind of had
to make two of what i had you probably
shouldn't ask what the short film was
about that was really good and even
though i'm allergic to it I like to keep
cinnamon on my desk I like to live
dangerously just dusting off my ego and
lastly the number one thing that people
question when they come to my room and
all the things that could possibly
question is my box of powder free gloves
why oh so stylish um and so yeah I guess
I have these because the ones that have
powder on them they make my hands feel
weird so I like to opt the powder free
next so right next to my desk we have my
bookshelf that has all of my favorite
books on it then to decrement bookshelf
and made some adventure time figures
because I think adventure time is pretty
algebraic and then on top of my
bookshelf I have my toy story action
figures because I'm a child and I'm
really okay with that my next med
bookshelf I have my vintage suitcase I
found this thing on curbside collection
which means that someone was trying to
throw it out and then I found it and
when I don't get it keep it I was a
little bit worried at first it was good
to have something like a dead cat in it
but it didn't so now we're all good and
now it has my collection of human hair
cute along the side my room is my wall
of staff made up of letters and memories
key items are the cardboard cutout of
myself my dad made me for my 17th
birthday I posted my friend katrina made
of what I would look like if I was in my
little pony and the picture I found
myself when I was eight and I tried to
be Punk
this is my bed sometimes I sleep here
which is good when I first got my bed
cuttin it was just plain purple so I put
some bleach on it and now it has this
cool nebulous effect which I like next
to my bed is my bubble supply because I
meant up bubbles in a big way this
entire world my room is covered in
chalkboard paint which is essentially
turn it into a giant chalkboard allowing
me to jot down all of my glorious ideas
and concepts for safekeeping currently
those are parrots stars bubbles and
myself I'm pretty deep come with me now
and a journey through time and space to
the other side of my room which is to
mirror doors which are the doors to my
closet ah I know on the left side of my
closet you'll find exciting things as
such as my accessories and the sphere
wonder what secrets
and then moving down you just have some
clothes and junk and on the right hand
side of my closet I have a monster rawr
and some more clothes and junk yeah
moving on i have my wonderful hat
collection so stinking cute it hurts
another pretty fun feature of my room's
that running along the top of the
ceiling on nearly all of the walls is a
photo banner of just fun times of my
life gosh darn these look like fun
interesting times that's all for now so
bye